Answers:
 1. Installation of VS Code;

  Navigate to your favourite browers and search download visual studio code 
  Click on the "Download for Windows" button to download the installer,run the installerand follow the steps to 
  complete the installation Once the installation is complete, ensure the option to "Launch Visual Studio Code" is 
  checked and click "Finish". and you will have your VS Code installed 
  Prerequisites:
  Ensure your laptop has windows 11 and a stable Network connectivity 

2. First-time Setup;

After u have open your Vs code it will welcome you with a welcoming message from their you can choose your theme by 
navigating to file >preference >theme>color theme after that u can go to settings and set-up your profile, font size
and you will be able to see the extension that you have. To be able to inatall etension just go to the sidebar of your
vs and click extension u can install Python extension,code runner, Pylancer and many more .

3. User Interface Overview;

This are the of the vs code Interface:
                                      Activity Bar:
Located on the far left, it lets you switch between views and gives access to various functions such as Explorer, 
Search, Source Control, and Extensions.
                                     Side Bar:
Contains different views like the Explorer (file navigation), Source Control, and Extensions. 
It displays the context of the currently selected activity.
                                     Editor Group:
This is the central part of the interface where you edit your code. You can open multiple editors side by side in 
editor groups.
                                      Status Bar:
Located at the bottom of the window, it provides information about the current file, such as line and column number, file type, and encoding. 
It also shows the current Git branch and errors/warnings in the code.

4. Command Palette;

The command palette is were all command are found You can navigate to it by clicking "ctrl,shift+P" ,some of the task that you can perform 
using the command palette is You can Runing Task lets take an example you were coding an html file and You would like to open it in a 
brower You put the RUN command at it will open in a brower whatever you had code .

5. Extensions in VS Code:

Extensions enhance the functionality of VS Code by adding features like syntax highlighting and debugging tools.Users can find the Extension 
on the Activity Bar or by clicking (Ctrl ,shift + X) they can search the extions they would like to install and go ahead and install it 
some of the extension to install for Web development are Prettier which is a code editor,Live server and also Debugger
for chrome.

6. Integrated Terminal:

In order to open Integrated terminal Navigate to the View tab and go to the terminal it will open a new terminal.
The advantage of using the Integrated terminal are :
It Easily open and switch between multiple terminal instances within VS Code using shortcuts (Ctrl + ) or the terminal dropdown menu.
The integrated terminal automatically opens in the root directory of your workspace, ensuring that commands and scripts are executed in the 
correct project context without needing to manually navigate to the right directory.
You can split the terminal view to run multiple terminal sessions side by side or resize the terminal pane as needed for better visibility.

7. File and Folder Management:

To be able to create file , open ,create ,manage file and folders 
You will navigate to FILE tab their you will see new file if you had already created and You would like to open it You 
can open file and it will direct You to File explorer u can select your file from there and for the case of creating 
an folder You will create a folder in the File Explorer and in Vs code You will open Folder and choose the folder 
that You had created earlier .

8. Settings and Preferences:

To be able to chenge theme,  font size, and keybindings You will navigate to VS code setting there You will see the 
theme of which is dark or light according to your prefrence u will choose one same case applys for the font size 
for the keybindings go to File > Preferences > Keyboard Shortcuts and Customize shortcuts by clicking on the
 action and pressing the new key combination.

 9.Debugging in VS Code:

 This are the steps followed in order to start debugging
 You will need to have a Project that has a file with a py go ahead and open the Debug View press Ctrl + Shift + D.
From there create a debug configurtion Click on the gear icon or the "create a launch.json file" link to open the
 launch.json configuration file.Select "Python" as the environment if prompted,and start debugging
  Key debugging features are 
 Breakpoints
 Watch variables
 Step through code
 Debug console

10. Using Source Control:
You should have GIT installed with Git Hub and then navigate to your Vs code an open the Source Control View
in the activity bar ,In the Source Control view, you’ll see a button labeled "Initialize Repository". Click on it.
VS Code will create a .git directory in the root of your project folder, indicating that it is now a Git repository.
Make commit Open the Explorer view (Ctrl + Shift + E) and make some changes to your files and commit your changes 
and push it to GitHub were you would have created your repository and push your changes .






